live from the star-filled international
ballroom of the Beverly Hilton Hotel
welcome to the 69th Annual Golden Globe
Awards and now your host for the evening
ladies and gentlemen Ricky Gervais
Oh
so where was I um
nervous don't be this isn't about you
right hello I'm Ricky device and welcome
to the 69th annual Golden Globe Awards
live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in
Los Angeles voted for by the Hollywood
Foreign Press Association tonight you
get Britain's biggest comedian hosting
the world's second biggest award show on
America's third biggest Network so is it
for its fourth for any of you don't know
the Golden Globes are just like the
Oscars but without all that esteem the
Golden Globes are to the Oscars what Kim
Kardashian is to Kate Middleton
basically
what bit louder bit trashy bit drunker
and more easily bought um allegedly
nothing's been proved but ah who needs
viscous not me I'm not Eddie Murphy he
walked out on him he said no and good
for him but when the man who said yes to
Norbit says no to you you know you're in
trouble I love Eddie Murphy love's dress
doesn't he um
versatile is versatile now he is bit of
trivia for you actually Eddie Murphy and
Adam Sandler between them played all the
parts in the movie the help and that
brilliant they were brilliant I can't
believe they're not here or maybe they
are they're masters of disguise they
could be now the Hollywood Foreign Press
have warned me they're fine so any of
you or any of them or offend any viewers
or caused any controversy whatsoever
they'll definitely invite me back next
year as well they actually gave me a
list of rules I'm going to ignore them
but I thought it'd be good to read them
out okay this is real okay no profanity
that's fine I've got a huge vocabulary
no nudity see that's a shame because
I've got a huge vocabulary um but a tiny
penis no that's true doesn't matter I
don't care it works don't worry about it
it's fine it's fine
I don't damn it no smut or innuendo and
I'm not to libel anyone and I mustn't
mention Mel Gibson this year not his
private life is politics
his recent films and especially not
Jodie Foster's beaver um I haven't seen
it myself
I've spoken to a lot of guys here they
haven't seen either but that doesn't
mean it's not any good
sorry um I don't care um it's been an
amazing year in show business it's not
all been good news what's with all the
divorces what's going on
I mean Arnold and Maria JLo and Mark
Antony Ashton and Demi Kim Kardashian
and some guy no one had ever remember he
wasn't he wasn't around long 72 days a
marriage that lasted 72 days I've sat
through longer James Cameron acceptance
speeches other celebrity scandal Justin
Bieber nearly had to take a paternity
test what a waste of a test that would
have been no he's not the father the
only way that he could be impregnated a
girl was if he'd borrowed one of Martha
Stewart's old turkey basters open white
and it's been a big year for women in
film bridesmaids one of my favorite
comedies of the year yeah
the girls finally prove that they can be
as raunchy as the men farting burping
cursing performing wild sex acts even
pooping in the sink
I actually heard for a search the cast
spent the weekend with Dame Helen Mirren
she's dreadful honestly you don't you
don't see a lot of because she's got
good PR but she's off the rails but the
golden globes aren't just about movies
it also celebrates the best in TV as
well new shows like the amazing homeland
which is just it's amazing and and
returning shows like Boardwalk Empire I
love that show it's great it's for those
it's about a load of immigrants who came
to America about 100 years ago and they
got involved in bribery and corruption
and they worked their way up into high
society but enough about the Hollywood
Foreign Press
I'm joking I love them and they're good
sports for inviting me back and what I
didn't know what they do an awful lot
for charity and their nonprofit
organization just like NBC so thank you
get on with it
this time last year
our first presenter was the biggest
movie star on the planet but I insulted
his film The Tourist causing his career
to plummet so far that he was forced to
work with me on my new show life's too
short which premieres on HBO on February
19th please welcome the man who will
wear literally anything timber and tells
him to Johnny Depp
just for I want to ask you a question
it's real you can have some just
checking yeah and be honest where are
you on recreational drugs I'm joking no
that's not the question how we will know
the answer um have you ready I guess so
have you seen the tourists yet
I know
boy he's fun